I win the bomb on the count of 3
3 You can leave if you want
I'm not afraid at all
Count you
How are you getting ready?
Report to the owner
Our people have arranged
In less than 5 minutes, Shen Tian will be caught and come to apologize
Ah, I'm talking about the surprise I prepared for Wanting
How's it going?
It's ready.
The subordinate will send it here.
You jerk takeout guy, are you courting death?
Sorry, sorry.
It's a little stressful to help you wipe your clothes
Hey, what do you think saves days and prices?
The bad son serves the scum of the killing brother building
Can I go out to take out the death of the dynasty?
The owner expected it to be business as usual
Within 10 kilometers in August
It has long been replaced by one of my own in the building.
Waiting for you
I panic